Uncle, your daughter was born a musical singer, right?
Yeah, come on.
Call out all the blind dates of daughters who have died in the past two years
Open autopsy
What an unscrupulous animal did?
My daughter, hahaha.
And so it did.
Everything fits
What did you find?
Records of Lu Ban
There is a record of the eight-character pure tone technique
The magic of immortality
My brother left without saying goodbye
Most likely a grand sorcery
Then who do you think this Spell Caster might be?
So far
The cold winter stops us again and again
There must be suspects
But something tells me something.
The more obvious
The less the truth
This may have something to do with my brother's death
Go back and tell my sister-in-law the good news of solving the case first
Sister-in-law, I found something about big brother.